EIP 4844 (part 2) (#14759)
ethereum/solidity: docs/using-the-compiler.rst

   - Smaller code size and gas savings due to the introduction of ``push0`` (see `EIP-3855 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-3855>`_).
- ``cancun``
   - The block's blob base fee (`EIP-7516 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7516>`_ and `EIP-4844 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4844>`_) can be accessed via the global ``block.blobbasefee`` or ``blobbasefee()`` in inline assembly.

>    - Introduces ``blobhash()`` in inline assembly and as global function to retrieve versioned hashes of blobs associated with the transaction (see `EIP-4844 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4844>`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Introduces ``blobhash()`` in inline assembly and a corresponding global function to retrieve versioned hashes of blobs associated with the transaction (see `EIP-4844 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4844>`_).
```

>    - Introduces ``blobhash()`` in inline assembly and a corresponding global function to retrieve versioned hashes of blobs associated with the transaction (see `EIP-4844 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4844>`_).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Introduces ``blobhash(uint index)`` in inline assembly and a corresponding global function to retrieve versioned hashes of blobs associated with the transaction (see `EIP-4844 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4844>`_).
```

Reviewer: There's no `uint` in Yul :)

Reviewer 2: Huh, is inline assembly not Yul? https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/pull/14757/files#diff-f24d5894096b275d6b27416ca3cacbfa13a3dbed646fe2d11d2e58c48c8b7681

Author: As there is no `uint` in Yul I thought that we could omit the index there to not led to some misunderstanding.

Reviewer: > Huh, is inline assembly not Yul?

It is and there's no `uint` in inline assembly either. The opcodes are untyped. You can access `uint` variables defined at Solidity level but they're seen as just bytes.

`blobhash(index)` would be acceptable, but not sure we really need that detail here.
